DOCS-2522: Update changelog (#3066)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/changelog.md

The vision service now supports two new methods: [`CaptureAllFromCamera`](/services/vision/#captureallfromcamera) and [`GetProperties`](/services/vision/#getproperties).

{{% /changelog %}}-->

{{% changelog date="2024-05-28" color="changed" title="Return type of analog Read" %}}

The board analog API [`Read()`](/components/board/#read) method now returns an `AnalogValue` struct instead of a single int.
The struct contains an int representing the value of the reading, min and max range of values, and the precision of the reading.

{{% /changelog %}}

{{% changelog date="2024-05-14" color="changed" title="Renamed GeoObstacle to GeoGeometry" %}}

The motion service API parameter `GeoObstacle` has been renamed to `GeoGeometry`.
This affects users of the [`MoveOnGlobe()`](/services/motion/#moveonglobe) method.

{{% /changelog %}}

{{< changelog date="2024-05-09" color="changed" title="Return type of GetImage" >}}

The Python SDK introduced a new image container class called [`ViamImage`](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/components/camera/index.html#viam.components.camera.ViamImage).

> The camera API's [`GetImage()`](/components/camera/#getimage) API method now returns a `ViamImage` type, and the vision service's [`GetDetections()`](/services/vision/#getdetections) and [`GetClassifications()`](/services/vision/#getclassifications) take in `ViamImage` as a parameter.

Reviewer: Nit: phrasing, explicitness:

```suggestion
The camera component's [`GetImage()`](/components/camera/#getimage) API method now returns a `ViamImage` type, and the vision service's [`GetDetections()`](/services/vision/#getdetections) and [`GetClassifications()`](/services/vision/#getclassifications) API methods now take a `ViamImage` as a parameter.
```

Author: oops I didn't mean to say API twice! thanks for catching

Author: ```suggestion
The camera component's [`GetImage()`](/components/camera/#getimage) method now returns a `ViamImage` type, and the vision service's [`GetDetections()`](/services/vision/#getdetections) and [`GetClassifications()`](/services/vision/#getclassifications) methods take in `ViamImage` as a parameter.
```
